Fixes of i18n on readme.md (#281)
vtex-apps/shelf: docs/README.md

> >⚠️ Warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > With the goal of displaying a flexible product list, the `shelf` and `shelf.relatedProducts` block is deprecated and is now configured using the [Product Summary List](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummarylist), the [Product Summary Shelf](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary), and the [Slider Layout](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-slider-layout) blocks. To learn how to configure it, please refer to [Building a Shelf](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-building-a-shelf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ With the goal of displaying a flexible product list, the `shelf` and `shelf.relatedProducts` blocks are deprecated and now configured using the [Product Summary List](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummarylist), the [Product Summary Shelf](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary), and the [Slider Layout](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-slider-layout) blocks. To learn how to configure it, please refer to [Building a Shelf](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-building-a-shelf).
```

The Shelf app displays a list of products on your store pages, helping you build your shop window and work on your visual merchandising.

![shelf](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-shelf-0.png)

## Configuration

1. Add the `shelf` app to your theme dependencies in the `manifest.json` file:

```json
  "dependencies": {
    "vtex.shelf": "1.x",

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }
```

```

Now, you can use all the blocks exported by the `shelf` app. See the full list below:

> | Block name              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                           |
> | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `shelf`                 | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red) Renders a list of products in the store home page.              |
> | `shelf.relatedProducts` | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red) Renders a list of related products in the product details page. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Block name | Description |
| -  | - |
| `shelf` | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red) Renders a list of products in the store home page. |
| `shelf.relatedProducts` | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red) Renders a list of related products in the product details page. |
```

### RelatedProducts

> 
> | Prop name             | Type                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Default value |
> | --------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
> | `recommendation`      | `enum`              | Type of recommendations that will be displayed on the shelf. Possible values: `similars`, `suggestions`, and `accessories` (these depend on the product information given in the Admin Catalog); and `view`, `buy`, and `viewandBought` (these are automatically generated according to the activity of the store). | `similars`    |
> | `hideOutOfStockItems` | `boolean`           | Whether out of stock items should be hidden: (`true`) or (`false`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`       |
> | `productList`         | `ProductListSchema` | Product list schema. See `ProductListSchema`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | -             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| -  | -  | -  | - |
| `recommendation` | `enum` | Type of recommendations that will be displayed on the shelf. Possible values: `similars`, `suggestions`, and `accessories` (these depend on the product information given in the Admin Catalog); and `view`, `buy`, and `viewandBought` (these are automatically generated according to the activity of the store). | `similars` |
| `hideOutOfStockItems` | `boolean` | Whether out of stock items should be hidden: (`true`) or (`false`). | `false` |
| `productList` | `ProductListSchema` | Product list schema. See `ProductListSchema`. | - |
```

`ProductListSchema`:

> | Prop name         | Type      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Default value |
> | ----------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
> | `maxItems`        | `number`  | Maximum number of items to be displayed on the related product shelf.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `10`          |
> | `scroll`          | `enum`    | Slide transition scroll type. Possible values: `BY_PAGE`, and `ONE_BY_ONE`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `BY_PAGE`     |
> | `arrows`          | `boolean` | Whether the arrows should be displayed on the shelf (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `true`        |
> | `showTitle`       | `boolean` | Whether a title should be displayed on the product-related shelf (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `true`        |
> | `titleText`       | `string`  | Related product shelf title.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `null`        |
> | `gap`             | `enum`    | Space between items being displayed. Possible values are: `ph0`, `ph3`,`ph5`, and `ph7`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `ph3`         |
> | `minItemsPerPage` | `number`  | Minimum number of items per shelf slides. This prop defines how many items will be displayed on the related product shelf, even in the smallest screen size. Its value can be a float, which means that you can choose a multiple of `0.5` to indicate that you want to show a *peek* of the next slide on the shelf. | `1`           |
> | `itemsPerPage`    | `number`  | Maximum number of items per shelf slides. This prop defines how many items will be displayed on the related product shelf, even in the largest screen size. Its value can be a float, which means that you can choose a multiple of `0.5` to indicate that you want to show a *peek* of the next slide on the shelf.  | `5`           |
> | `summary`         | `object`  | Schema declaring the desired related product shelf items. This prop object must contain the [`product-summary.shelf` block props](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary#configuration).                                                                                                        | `undefined`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| - | - | - | - |
| `maxItems` | `number` | Maximum number of items to be displayed on the related product shelf. | `10` |
| `scroll` | `enum` | Slide transition scroll type. Possible values: `BY_PAGE`, and `ONE_BY_ONE`. | `BY_PAGE` |
| `arrows` | `boolean` | Whether the arrows should be displayed on the shelf (`true`) or not (`false`). | `true` |
| `showTitle` | `boolean` | Whether a title should be displayed on the product-related shelf (`true`) or not (`false`). | `true` |
| `titleText` | `string`  | Related product shelf title. | `null` |
| `gap` | `enum` | Space between items being displayed. Possible values are: `ph0`, `ph3`,`ph5`, and `ph7`. | `ph3` |
| `minItemsPerPage` | `number` | Minimum number of items per shelf slides. This prop defines how many items will be displayed on the related product shelf, even in the smallest screen size. Its value can be a float, which means that you can choose a multiple of `0.5` to indicate that you want to show a *peek* of the next slide on the shelf. | `1` |
| `itemsPerPage` | `number` | Maximum number of items per shelf slides. This prop defines how many items will be displayed on the related product shelf, even in the largest screen size. Its value can be a float, which means that you can choose a multiple of `0.5` to indicate that you want to show a *peek* of the next slide on the shelf.  | `5` |
| `summary` | `object`  | Schema declaring the desired related product shelf items. This prop object must contain the [`product-summary.shelf` block props](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary#configuration). | `undefined` |
```

## Customization

To apply CSS customizations to this and other blocks, follow the instructions in [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

| CSS Handles       |
| ----------------- |
| `relatedProducts` |

> > ⚠️ Warning
> > 
> > The CSS Handles list above refers to the `shelf.relatedProducts` block. Since the `shelf` block is deprecated, your shelf customization must be done using the CSS Handles available for the [Product Summary List](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummarylist), the [Product Summary Shelf](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary), and the [Slider Layout](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-slider-layout) blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>⚠️ The CSS Handles list above refers to the `shelf.relatedProducts` block. Since the `shelf` block is deprecated, your shelf customization must be done using the CSS Handles available for the [Product Summary List](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary-productsummarylist), the [Product Summary Shelf](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-product-summary), and the [Slider Layout](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-slider-layout) blocks.
```
